Test 1. For most service-based businesses,
growth is often limited by manual bottleneck,
time spent qualifying leads and calculating custom quotes.
For this batch-cooking business, we solved that by turning a manual consultation into a
digital experience. I built this custom multi-page dynamic
website to serve as a high-performance,
lead-capturing tool. The core is this dynamic pricing
simulator. Instead of the owner manually calculating rates based on
meal counts and people,
the client gets an instant, accurate quote based on their specific location.
When they hit submit, the lead is instantly captured.
And the heavy lifting begins in the background.
No manual data entry, no back and forth emails.
To power these operations, I deployed a dedicated automation engine to ensure
absolute privacy and compliance. The entire system is securely hosted on a cloud
European server, so all client data is safe and remains strictly
located within the EU. We transformed the manual administrative
work into three workflows.
Workflow 1, automated onboarding.
Every submission is instantly synced to a master database.
It doesn't just copy data, it categorizes it and formats it,
ensuring the business has perfect record of every lead without lifting a finger.
Workflow 2 is an intelligent booking system.
This is the brain of the operation.
When a session is booked with the calendar,
the system performs a real-time audit, automatically checks the accounting and invoicing
software to see if the customer exists,
and has built custom logic to verify records by email and pull the latest
pricing data, ensuring that if a client has moved or changed their plan,
the billing is always available. 100% accurate.
Workflow three, payment and lifecycle.
Once the booking is confirmed, the system triggers the final billing stage.
It cross-references the latest service history and prepares the business for
payment, entirely bypassing the need for manual spreadsheets.
This is a notification the owner receives.
A professional formatted summary of the new booking and precise distance-based
pricing and the client's contact information.
This isn't just about back-end data,
it's about a premium customer experience.
The system is deeply integrated with the business owner's calendar,
email, accounting software, and online payment system.
The lead receives, firstly, an immediate automated response.
It contains a personalized summary and a direct booking link synced
to the owner's live availability. There's no back-and-forth on the dates.
Once they book their slot, the system triggers the second phase.
Here's a confirmation email the client receives.
Because the system has already calculated the exact distance and price,
it automatically generates and attaches the correct invoice.
Simultaneously, it updates the online paying system,
sending the client a secure link to finish the transaction.
The owner hasn't sent a single email manually,
yet the appointment is booked and the invoice is paid.
I don't just build websites. I build autonomous systems that let business scales.
I can take your current manual process and administration work off your
hands, so you have more time to grow your business,
reach more clients, and do what you do best.